## Background
For a device to communicate across multiple networks, it must be configured with an IP address, subnet mask, and a default gateway. The default gateway is used when the host wants to send a packet to a device on another network. The default gateway address is generally the address of the router interface which is attached to the local network that the host is connected to. In this activity, you will finish documenting the network. You will then verify the network documentation by testing end-to-end connectivity and troubleshooting issues. The troubleshooting method you will use consists of the following steps:<br><br>a. Verify the network documentation and use tests to isolate problems.<br>b. Determine an appropriate solution for a given problem.<br>c. Implement the solution.<br>d. Test to verify the problem is resolved.<br>e. Document the solution.<br><br>Throughout your CCNA studies, you will encounter different descriptions of the troubleshooting method, as well as different ways to test and document issues and solutions. This is intentional. There is no set standard or template for troubleshooting. Each organization develops unique processes and documentation standards (even if that process is “we don’t have one”). However, all effective troubleshooting methodologies generally include the steps above.<br><br>**Note**: If you are proficient with default gateway configurations, this activity might seem more involved than it should be. You can, most likely, quickly discover and solve all the connectivity issues faster than following these procedures. However, as you proceed in your studies, the networks and problems you encounter will become increasingly more complex. In such situations, the only
